You're a smart insurance man,
aren't you, Mr. Neff?
Well, I've been at it 11 years
Doing pretty well?
It's a living.
You handle just automobile
insurance, or all kinds?
All kinds. Fire,
earthquake, theft,
public liability,
group insurance...
industrial stuff and so on,
right down the line.
Accident insurance?
Sure, Mrs. Dietrichson.
Wish you'd tell me what's
engraved on that anklet.
Just my name. As, for instance?
Phyllis. Phyllis?
I think I like that.
But you're not sure?
I'd have to drive it around
the block a couple of times.
Mr. Neff, why don't you drop
by tomorrow evening around 8:30?
He'll be in then. Who?
My husband. You were anxious
to talk to him, weren't you?
Yeah, I was, but I'm sort of
getting over the idea...
if you know what I mean.
There's a speed limit in this
state, Mr. Neff. 45 miles an hour.
How fast was I going, officer?
I'd say around 90.
Suppose you get down off your
motorcycle and give me a ticket.
Suppose I let you off
with a warning this time.
Suppose it doesn't take.
Suppose I have to whack you
over the knuckles.
Suppose I bust out crying and
put my head on your shoulder.
Suppose you try putting it
on my husband's shoulder.
That tears it.
8:30 tomorrow evening then.
That's what I suggested.
Will you be here, too?
I guess so, I usually am.
Same chair, same perfume,
same anklet?
I wonder if I know
what you mean.
I wonder if you wonder.
It was a hot afternoon
and I can still remember...
the smell of honeysuckle
all along that street.